== Welcome to BP3s Rails Screening Problem

Congratulations!  If you are reading this odds are in the process of
applying for a job with BP3 as a developer with Ruby on Rails experience.
This problem will allow us to better assess your skills.

== Getting Started

Pull down this code and get your environment working.  This solution does use
active record, but it is using the SQLite database so it should be easy to get
up and running.  While we could tell you all the steps to do that, getting your
environment running is the first step of this work.

The "problem" was generated using Ruby 2 and Rails 3, so I would suggest you mimic this
environment to avoid version incompatibilities.

==  Populating the database

The problem requires parsing of a set of database tables (sqlite) whose schema you should create
using the folowing command:

> rake db:migrate

Once you have your schema created, you will need to bring up the rails console
and issue the following command -

    ParseJson.new.parse_standard_payload

This will read the data in the "seed data" folder and populate the base data into
your database schema.

From this point, it is up to you whether you use the Rails conventions to access the database,
or use raw Ruby script to access the ActiveRecord data.

== Problem Statement

This solution currently consists of only a set of ActiveRecord models.  The basic
Models consist of Process Apps, Toolkits, Snapshots, and Dependencies.  The goal
of the problem is not to edit this data in any way, but to find if a certain pattern
exists in the data.

The relationships are as follows -

-  Process Apps and Toolkits are essentially the same thing.
-  Process Apps can have many snapshots.
-  A Process App snapshot can depend on multiple Toolkit Snapshots.
-  A Toolkit Snapshot can depend on multiple (other) Toolkit Snapshots.
-  No single Process App or Toolkit can depend on 2 different Snapshots of the same
Toolkit.
-  Circular dependencies are legal.  For example the following is legal A3 depends on B3
B3 depends on C3, C3 Depends on A3 (where the letter is the Toolkit Name and the number is a
snapshot).  However if C3 Depends on A2 (A different Snapshot of "A") then that is
what is known as a "Spiral" and is illegal.

Your job is to write the code to analyze the Process Apps and detect if any of them
contain any illegal dependencies, and if they do, what dependencies are in conflict.

== Success Criteria

- Level 1: Be able to articulate that a given Snapshot has illegal dependencies.
- Level 2: Complete "Level 1" and be able to identify the relationships causing the error.
- Level 3: Complete "Level 1" and "Level 2" as well as a "Dashboard" to present the results.


*Good Luck!*